once again sunny 101.5 is the Arbitron
rated number one radio station for
people who are listening or thanks again
for listening to sunny 101.5 ladies and
gentlemen mark Sweeney are we on so I
just talking to this this is uh I'm
actually at home in my bathroom
practicing my show going over some new
jokes hi
I drove to South Bend I was I was going
to fly but I wanted to bring shampoo and
toothpaste thanks can I have a good time
mr. pence well we're in the podcast
surreal know I've always done shows with
a couple of radio guys the club manager
in lari lari lari running the camera
it's almost like I'm getting too old for
this
No hi I'm getting older actually just
turned 47 which is surprising because I
partied so much when I was younger and
think I was going to live this long
surprise showed unknown you know we
should have known I was gonna live into
my 40s I would save some money instead
of just having fun of course I finally
did set up my retirement plan you know I
figured I was turning 47 better start
planning for the future you know I never
too late of course the way I've got
things set up right now if you wait too
long like I did as long as I die within
two months of retiring I'm set a pretty
sweet
they live any longer now you're gonna
see me at the door a Walmart in a red
vest hi folks welcome to the store
there's the card the Handy white make
sure you just intact that handle come on
sit down you guys yeah that's tough
getting older though doing I'm doing old
people crap already know like three
weeks ago I was driving around had my
shirt off I was if it up my CD case I'll
be damned if I didn't zip a big ol strip
of belly hair up on that thing around
here starting to hurt myself by moving
wrong that's always a nice benefit
reaching for something in the kitchen
like you know she comes running in the
kitchen oh my god what happened I was
pulling milk out of the refrigerator
don't touch me oh god baby you're gonna
have start buying half gallons traveling
around a lot I like to travel
our drawback so I've hit four deer in
the last two years yes from the second
one after hit the second when I put deer
whistles on my car hit the third deer he
broke my dear whistles off what a
product then I hit the third year on a
bridge I hit a deer on a bridge on a
bridge and I hit a deer what are you
doing on the bridge can't you swim I
should have known some was wrong with
that deer though because he's standing
mill the road wearing a helmet Northup
edik shoes and then the fourth one I hit
in May and to be honest with you I think
that one was a deer could have been a
guy on a bicycle
ok it's like 3 o'clock in the morning I
was taking my shirt off I missed the
whole thing
oops get pulled over later she saw
officer I don't know what that tennis
shoes doing hanging on my grill yeah so
when I Celebi didn't I like travel for
news though there's a lot of good news
like I was in Tennessee during deer
season last year and there's an article
about this hunter who was shot by
another hunter while he was sitting up
at a tree stand
hmm so what you're saying these guys on
the ground saw a deer wearing an orange
hat with the ability to climb trees and
they shot at him
yeah no alcohol involved in that hunting
trip huh Billy Ray and Carl Lee out
hunting do I tell you what Carl we're
not going anywhere do we get us a deer
I'll tell that much right now yeah I
know there's deer out here man we're in
the middle of deer shoes and that's up
don't move I see it oh there goes quick
shoot him before it gets in his truck
and the Surrealism continues the bone
today - five for $99.99 - five for
$99.99 America's number one comedy club
the funny bone located in the one
hundred center of Mishawaka